Nazi Quarter Expelled
By Editors of the AT
Op-ed

For months one entity has pushes the boundaries of Mount Augusta's diverse and accepting culture. Their most prominent figureheads, Figasaur, and Cr0c0dile/Zoltan actively put on jewish caricatures in order to show jews as snobbish, greedy, and lawyer-like. In addition, they frequently act toxicly toward members of the community. In fact, in the ongoing trial "Godomasta vs. Figasaur" comped, Olivay, stardarkness, jonass, and stardarkness have all attested to their "degrading" character. The Quarter had been the center of controversy to such an extent that it has been "obby bombed" with IRO at least four times. One player, MrUnderhill_ obby bombed them four months ago, and subsequently made a post titled "I griefed the JQ". They remarked in their post, "The 'JQ's' chief rabbi" is known for being an actual, real-life neo-Nazi who marched in Charlottesville." and went on to justify their measure "Everything about their behaviour insults me, and my blood boils when I see them in action. I had nothing to lose, so I spoke up for all of Augusta." The Jewish Quarter recovered from these attacks. When asked about the attacks, Figasaur stated at the time "were not exactly opposed to the obby bombings... great publicity". Well, at long last the 'Jewish' (Nazi) Quater ceases to exist. On December 29th Figasaur was pearled on citylion's orders in neutral land south of the Chanseatic State, and sent to Albion where he had stole a horse earlier that day. While the pearl was initially held in the 3rd party, the Holy Jaded Empire's Best Western Vault. When the Holy Jaded Empire footed a 187 mana bill for one week of prison pearling, it became apparant that a more permanent home was hence needed. Why? Because if Figasaur were released, he would continue his toxic, sick, and disgusting roleplay in Mount Augusta and abroad. Hence, the pearl was later transferred to Albion's SATO ally Hjaltland, whom had claims against Figasaur, and was willing to hold the pearl for a longer duration. Meanwhile, in Mount Augusta a measure has been passed approving Cr0c0dile/Zoltan's extradition to Albion on charges of "Major Spam" which is an infraction that outlaws the spam of worthless/unwarranted messages within Albion's local chat. Evidence was submitted proving that Cr0c0dile had recently visited Albion. Cr0c0dile owes up to 20 diamonds in reparations, or risks being pearled. If Cr0c0dile enters Augustan borders, the government of Mount Augusta is obligated to see to that his pearl is transferred to Albion. Thus, both Figasaur and Cr0c0dile are effectively expelled from Mount Augusta.
